hello and welcome to me in my gold TV
I'm piers warden you've joined me on the
18th hole Esprit Hall Golf Club this
video is to help you improve your impact
and get better ball striking stay with
me right this is a great drill to help
you to feel and associate what it's like
to actually strike the golf ball with a
correct body position the correct Club
position correct hand position so we
call this impact fix so the majority of
people that we see when they strike the
golf ball if they want to be more
efficient they're actually in an
efficient manner by having the hands
back by having their hips not turned
enough maybe or you know so they don't
get that rotation there they sort of in
this position here they're on their toes
so what we're going to do is actually
get you to feel what it's like by
presetting your impact and then swinging
back and then returning back to that
position so I'll take my normal set up
okay where's 7-iron here so from there
what I'm gonna do I'm gonna put myself
in this impact position but I'm gonna
start it as I would start my down so I'm
gonna start from the ground up so I'm
gonna feel my feet shift the weight into
my left side so you'll notice my I'm
transferring my weight into my left side
my hips are rotating my knees are moving
but my hips are turning so my belt
buckle is going toward the target and
the weight is really starting to go into
my left side and predominantly into my
left heel and sort of left glute area so
all the back of my left leg is feeling
this so if your toes come up a little
bit here that's fine I don't mind that
it says that you're putting the weight
into the heel so here we go there's the
lower body rotation setting that firmer
left-side by pushing down with the golf
club now and getting the hands forward
the handle of the golf club ahead of the
golf ball I'm helping to preset this
impact position this is where all the
best golfers are in the world we've just
recently watched the Ryder Cup some
amazing ball strikers they are in
positions like that they will never be
in positions like this they all wrote
the lower body through impacts they all
hit down on the golf ball especially
with the iron a lot of them do it with a
driver now believe it or not we'll see
on future videos about that so again the
progression once I get myself into this
impact position where I start with a
lower body open the hips weight into the
left heel is to actually from there do a
mini backswing mini backswing and then
return back into that position quite
tricky to start with you'll find the
club one and wave around a lot so here
we go again
impact swing back and then return back
to that impact fix this is a fantastic
drill to help give you the feel of how
to strike the golf ball correctly and
get you into that area that impact fixed
area which is going to make you a better
ball striker and you'll actually feel a
bit of a workout so you'll feel at your
left side especially if your left glute
into the side of your back it's going to
feel it so after doing that and now you
can hit a golf shot so one more reminder
before I hit the golf shot impact fix
reset myself now I'm not going to start
from impact fixed when I hit the golf
ball I'm just going to hit the shot
okay that really helps sort of because
they only literally did it a few seconds
before I really felt as I could get into
that impact position a lot better guys I
hope you enjoyed this video please
subscribe to our channel below follow us
on Facebook me in my golf and follow us
on Twitter me my golf see you soon